## Hi there 👋

Juan Luis is a technical referent in **Microsoft technologies** with specialty in **.NET** and **Azure**. Extensive experience in the development of business environments in the Microsoft platform. Technical leader in Microsoft Azure with experience in project planning, analysis, development, implementation and management. Broad experience in systems integration, solutions creation and management applications architecture. 
Standardization of development and implementation methodologies, load testing, performance testing, traceability and management error analysis.
Mentor and facilitator in small teams, extremely motivated and eager to continue learning. Passionate about new technologies and their uses. Speaker and trainer with a positive presence in both internal and public communities and social networks

### ⚡ Education and Certifications ⚡
- Azure Developer Associate Certified
- Avanade Certified Scrum Developer (ASD)
- Avanade Certified Scrum Project Manager (ASPM)
- ITIL Service Management Essentials v3
- Quality Management
- Public Speaking Techniques
- "Estela" Program. Renewing Leadership for Technical Consultant.
- Developing XML Web Services and Server Components with Microsoft Visual C# .NET and the Microsoft .NET Framework
- Developing and Implementing Windows-based Applications with Microsoft Visual C# .NET and Microsoft Visual Studio .NET
- 
### 👯 Selected Experience 👯
- **Internal-Everis**: Improve the Innovation and Automation process for all projects. Lead teams, develop products, internal tools, Scaffoldings, templates and scripts. In general implant new solutions to improve the productivity in all the projects/teams, based on different technologies: .NET, Angular and NodeJS. Using Azure App Services and AKS for Hosting and, Azure DevOps pipelines for CI/CD for a provisioned Infrastructure.
- **Mutualidad de la Abogacía**: Azure Architect, DevOps, and tech lead and DotNet Development Team support. Migration to implement a new Cloud system for “Prestaciones” under DDD (Domain Driven Design), CQRS and SAGA patterns to implement Micro-Services hosting on AKS, AppServices and Static Web Site (for front) and Azure API Management to manage all of them. Definition and implementation of CI/CD strategy under Azure DevOps pipelines and using Helm to deploy to AKS.
- **IDB (International Development Bank)**: Azure Architect, Startup Project and Development Team support. Definition, design architect DevOps strategy and develop cross components for the Audit Financial System Processing based on AI. Designing and development Azure Jenkins pipelines to deploy ASPNET Core API Rest in AppServices, Linux VM and Static Web Sites. 
- **EU Commmision**: Tobacco Traceability System. Architect and Spanish Core Team Coordinator to design and implement REST API using Open API and develop Cross components, provisioning AWS environments using Terraform (Lambda, API Gateway, S3, SQS) under Azure DevOps Pipelines.
- **Best Day Travel Group**: Build a new base technology (Drakkars framework) to develop a high-quality software for the Tourism. Start-up project, architecture design and definition and, cross components development. Based on ASPNet Core API Rest (mini-services) based on N-Layer hosting on AKS and Azure SQL Database for data and Azure Service Bus for messaging.
- **Fremap  (Social security collaborative entity)**: Lead the technical evolution for all internal apps (Web and Desktop). Establish and define standards and methodologies, quality assurance programming (projects revision), tools for development and cross components, project technical support, coordination, and collaboration with other departments (Security, Infrastructure, Network, and Communications). Mainly using ASP.NET Web Forms MVP, Windows WPF y Windows Form, WCF and REST services
- **BBVA (Spanish multinational financial services)**: Analysis, designing and development a collection of applications dedicated to Microsoft Exchange integration within the company´s infrastructure with HOST through an ESB via MQ (IBM). Extension of OWA (Outlook Web Access) interface for the visualization and exploitation of information located in personal and professional agendas (mail, appointments, work and contacts) generated by both the user and BBVA applications. C#, Visual Studio Tools for Office, SQL Server.
- **Caixa Cataluña (Spanish financial services)**: As a senior Consultant, develop new Addins for Outlook 2003 and Exchange 2003 as a professional agenda based on C# and Visual Studio Tools for Office.
- **ITA (Aragon Technological Institute)**: Development in .NET y CSF (Connected Services Framework). Tool based on SOA architecture which allows for rapid integration of Web services (implemented on WSE 2.0 (WS-*)) and reduces interdependency. C#, WCF.
- **MTAS**: Application for risk assessment (for TabletPCs) and help for the work of the Technicians of the FREMAP Prevention Society that replaces the current Lotus Notes application and the Excel sheets of Agriculture and SMEs. Analysis, initial design of the solution and .NET development. Training on SQL, C # (. NET) and good practices for the work team.
- **Produban**: For Banco Santander´s 150th anniversary, a disclaimer for Exchange was developed. The final product objective was a text and image representing said anniversary, which was added automatically to all outgoing emails. 
- **Telefónica**: Design and development in .NET (C++, C# and Enterprise Library, Caching, logging and access to SQL information/data).
- **Other Customers**: Sr. Consultant and Consultant. Analysis, Design and development as part of tems. ASP.NET, C#, Web Custom Controls, WCF, Visual Studio Tools for Office (Outlook Addins), SQL Server (include DTS and Jobs) and Biztalk Server.


🔭 I’m currently working on #Azure with #Dapr and so on, so you can ask me about it ;).
